[Music]
you and your friends are trapped in a
prison
and forced to play the world's most
dangerous escape room
you'll have to solve every deadly puzzle
survive being tortured by sadistic
gangsters and risk your life to escape
before the time
runs out when one mistake will kill
everyone you love
what do you do i'm going to break down
the mistakes made what you should do
and how to beat the deadly puzzles and
no escape
this man is on a one-way ticket to hell
cole here is a world famous vlogger and
his friends have arranged for a very
special trip to moscow but he has no
idea what to expect
they've kept everything a secret from
him and now he wants answers
asking them what they've got planned
he's finally told that he'll be playing
the world's most exclusive
escape room this guy's up for any
challenge but he has no idea that this
will destroy his life dashie has made a
deal with one of the richest playboys in
russia who's paying for their whole trip
and making all the arrangements for
their big surprise
arriving in moscow his friend dash hops
into the baggage claim carousel and gets
busted by airport security
cole here tries to negotiate with them
but they won't let him go
that's when this man walks up and just
by showing them his passport scares the
men away
this is alexi and he's wasting no time
making an impression
he takes them back to their lavish hotel
but they don't stay long
as alexi here decides he's going to
introduce them to some russian culture
he takes them to a seedy back alley
guarded by bouncers and he's gonna show
them the night of their lives
okay while everyone here is thinking
about how wasted they should get
i'm thinking about where this guy gets
all his money russia has a very high
level of corruption which makes a great
environment for organized crime
a great example is in 2016 when the
police raided an apartment where they
found a hundred
twenty three million dollars of cash
this apartment belonged to colonel
dmitry zakorchenko the head of the
police forces anti-corruption division
who was holding the money for an
organized crime group
now at the airport these security guards
took one look at this kid's passport and
nearly pissed themselves in fear
with that kind of power we need to find
out who this guy is before he realized
we're in over our heads
regardless if you're a vlogger who's
letting your friends make secret
business deals with russian millionaires
on your behalf
you may need to rethink your life
choices going inside
they see it's one hell of a private club
they start knocking down way too many
shots and dashier makes a new friend
as he starts the live stream cole here
asks alexi about the escape room
the man tells him it's unlike anything
he's ever seen and he's about to learn
more when they're interrupted by some
fans
he takes a moment to enjoy his fame but
his friend looks behind him and realizes
something
is wrong that's when cole turns around
and sees his girlfriend getting harassed
by these gangsters
he rushes over to fight them off but
he's quickly overpowered
alexi steps in and pulls out a knife but
they refuse to let go of his friends
this gangster pulls out his gun and is
about to shoot them when alexis drivers
step in
they take control the situation and the
man lets them know he's going to get his
revenge
later leaving the club the driver
confirms that those men were
high-ranking mafia but all this guy can
think about is if he caught it on camera
and his friends are not happy about this
at all okay they have every right to be
upset
unfortunately this kind of thinking is a
quick way to lose your friends and
alienate people
he was too distracted by his fan girls
to listen to anyone else
and if this behavior escalates into more
dangerous habits he'll pull everyone
else down with him so if i were these
guys i'd slowly remove myself from his
circle before this gets any worse
the next day cole and his girlfriend are
being chauffeured and they want to do
some sightseeing but the driver locks
the car doors
refusing to let them leave it's strange
behavior but after some convincing he
gives them cash and lets them out
after exploring the city they stop for
drinks at a bar cole uses the cash he
was given to pay the bill when a strange
red card
falls to the floor the bartender comes
to tell them their friend alexi
has already paid for their drinks and
his driver is waiting he then bends down
and picks up the red card handing it
back to cole
they're about to leave when his
girlfriend stops him warning that if the
escape room gets too intense he can back
out
he assures her that he's ready for
anything and they leave but he'll soon
be wishing he took her advice
okay this is getting creepy the driver
didn't want us walking around the city
on her own and alexi already knows where
we are
it's clear that they're trying to
control us and we need to find out why
if they won't let us out of sight then
we need to assume that it's either for
our safety or that they have a larger
agenda here
human traffickers will do everything
they can to limit your movements and
make you dependent on them
already we have been taken to a foreign
country where we don't speak the
language and can't ask for help
we also have the driver following us to
make sure we don't run away
this could all be paranoia but we need
to keep our eyes open for anything
suspicious
that night they're taking to this
industrial building where the game
is going to take place cole feels that
something is off but ignores his
instincts and gets out
alexi here welcomes them telling the
group that everything they see inside
might look real but they're completely
safe
cole here starts live streaming the
event telling his viewers that they've
been given special access to the escape
room cameras
and his fans will be able to watch
everything that happens once they're
inside
the security confiscates all their
phones and plugs it into the broadcast
room as the players wait to start the
game
suddenly these huge men come in wearing
gas masks alexis here informs the
players that they'll be taken to an old
soviet prison and the last man who was
brought here never managed to escape
now cole must save his friends before
time runs out or else they'll be
executed but cole here is determined to
win
okay all of this is very impressive and
it might even be fun but if you're
thinking about the escape room then
you've already lost
we should be way more worried about
whoever has control of our phone this
one device is the only thing that's
guaranteeing our safety because nobody
would let us get hurt in front of 60
million witnesses but if they turn the
live stream off
anything could happen going inside
without my phone is an absolute deal
breaker for me and if they can't accept
it then i'm getting on a plane
and leaving the guards throw a cloth
over cole's head and walk him into the
prison but he has no idea what he's in
for
they lock him in a room as a timer
starts counting down for one hour
he takes the cloth off his head to find
a body on a slab and this thing looks
way too realistic
cole here searches for clues on what he
has to do but the room has no hints and
this cell door is locked shut
that's when he hears one of his friends
called out to him saying that they've
been strapped to some kind of torture
device with no way out
and he needs to think quickly to solve
the puzzle before time runs out
going back to the body he sees an x
marked on the man's stomach and cole
here realizes there's only one way out
of this room
he picks up the scalpel from a tray and
begins to cut into the body
reaching inside his guts kohlher starts
pulling out organs and feels something
sharp is inside
cutting it open he finds the hidden key
and uses it to unlock the cell door
okay these escape room designers spared
no expense here
this body looks extremely lifelike and
it would honestly take me much longer to
build the courage to pick up the scalpel
and start cutting
we should first be looking through the
rest of the room for any hidden clues
that might tell us more information
sometimes the giant axe is only there to
mislead you from the real clues and we
won't know unless we cover all our bases
if we don't find anything else we should
observe the body for any scars and if
there aren't any then we can deduce that
if there's something inside of him it's
probably going to be in his stomach
now frankly we should be thanking the
game designers here because without the
x and with no scars on his body we would
have to search for clues in three
possible places
his mouth his stomach or in his chamber
of secrets i don't know about you but
i'd rather cut a man's stomach open than
go fishing around in the backside of a
corpse
the stomach is actually much higher up
than most people think as it's
positioned on the left side of the upper
abdomen
coal here cut way too low and had to
search through all the organs to find
what he was looking for there could be
anywhere from 15 to 25 feet of
intestinal tract in the body and he
wasted a lot of time feeling through it
i would have made an incision right
around here and started my search from
the stomach and this would have saved us
as much as 5 to 10 minutes to use on
solving the next puzzle
as he walks through he finds his
girlfriend locked inside of a glass box
with no way out and she has the key
looking further he finds his friend sam
in another cell and strapped to an
electric chair
the host alexi tells him over the
intercom that he needs to keep moving
as cole here has less than 50 minutes to
save his friends and escape
he finds the others with one shackled to
a bar and the other trapped inside an
iron maiden
his friend notices the blood on his
hands and cole tells them about the guy
he cut open but that's when they noticed
that these traps are beginning to move
he walks into a cell with gears on the
floor and realizes this puzzle is
connected to the iron maiden
he starts placing them on the wall
trying to connect them together in order
to stop the traps but when he finally
completes the puzzle the wheels suddenly
speed up
and the traps start closing faster he
realizes that a second part of this
puzzle
and runs to the other cell to finish the
job he's running out of time but when he
connects the final gear it stops the
trap
saving his friends at the last second
the doors swing open and now they have
only 30 minutes left to get out alive
okay he managed to get the job done but
just barely ironically this puzzle might
be best solved by not using your brain
at all
now there's one huge advantage here
because whenever he puts a wheel in the
wrong hole a buzzer
sounds if it were me instead of trying
to figure out how each wheel fits
i would put a wheel in every hole until
one of them didn't sound the buzzer and
i'll know that's where it belongs
but if we can't solve the puzzle quickly
enough we have another advantage
to work with because these gears can be
jammed i would have stuck a loose brake
or a broken pipe
between the wheels to buy myself more
time and assemble the puzzle without
torturing my friends
now there's something even more
important to consider here because this
was way too close a call to ignore and
we have to ask ourselves what would have
happened if we didn't save our friends
in time
i would be checking these spikes to see
if they are real and remove the gears
again to see if the iron maiden actually
closes
because if it does then we need to
seriously reevaluate the situation
that body in the first room might have
actually been a real human and these
torture devices could have life or death
consequences in order to play this game
correctly we need to understand the
stakes of the game
first they move on to the next cell
where their friend is strapped to an
electric chair
and to set her free they have to solve
this maze at first it looks simple but
when kohlhere moves this metal piece
he bumps it against the side and his
friend in the chair subtly jolts in pain
the slightest move could electrify their
friend thinking it's all just a game
dasher wants a turn and intentionally
touches the sights but the woman here
screams in pain she's really being
shocked but
time is running out and they can't be
careful anymore he quickly solves the
puzzle
ignoring the woman's screams and finally
gets the probe to the center of the maze
okay even the lightest nudge will
barbecue your friend here
and all this adrenaline is going to make
it impossible to keep your hands steady
we need a way to guarantee we won't
touch the metal and i would try to solve
this problem by taking off my shirt and
place it between the maze and the probe
blocking them from making contact
they could have easily moved the shirt
with the probe until they reach the
center and now risk giving their friend
permanent nerve damage with the cell
door swinging open they free her from
the electric chair but she's fed up and
wants to leave the game
they try to get alex's attention but the
host has gone silent
they all wonder why he's unanswering and
dashier confesses he barely knows the
guy he had no idea
things would get this intense and now
they're trapped in an old soviet prison
with no choice but to complete the
escape room on their
own together they go to solve the last
trap but realize the water inside of the
tank
is almost to the girlfriend's knees she
still thinks this is just a game and
can't hear them through the glass
with the clock ticking the group checks
out the final puzzle and finds two jugs
thomas here figures out that they need
to pour four liters of water into this
funnel using these two jugs and starts
filling up the five liter the tank is
almost halfway full and that leaves them
with little time to solve this
they pour the water into the smaller jug
and go through a process of emptying it
filling the three liter jug and
refilling them again it's taking a long
time and the girlfriend has to stand on
her toes to avoid drowning but thomas
here is able to finally get the four
leaders they need to solve this puzzle
they beat the challenge and run into the
girlfriend's cell
okay they solved this puzzle the way
they were told unfortunately
transferring all this water from one
carboy into another over and over
is going to waste a lot of time and
chances are it's still not going to give
them a perfectly accurate measurement
this 5-liter carboy already has ridges
evenly distributed across the side and
it would be much faster to use this to
help quickly calculate how much volume
of water each of these sections hold
with 5 liters roughly divided by 4
sections we can assume there's close to
1.25 liters each and that makes it
pretty easy for us to eyeball the
correct amount
dump it in and see if it triggers the
cell door to open however
nobody realizes that this puzzle doesn't
actually need to be solved at all if
they need 4 liters of water to open the
cell door then we can assume it's being
triggered by the water's weight so
there's no reason that going over the
weight limit would not trigger the
mechanism
simply put five liters would do the job
just as well as four
so i would fill up the five liter carboy
and dump the whole thing in
because it's more than enough weight to
do the job looking for a way to open the
tank they find a hatch
on top using these ladders they climb up
them and try to force it open but the
hatch won't budge and they can't turn
off the water either
she's going to drown and cole here begs
alexi to stop the game but no one
responds
running to the other end of the hull he
grabs one of the gears and uses it to
try and crack the glass
when that doesn't work he breaks the
metal framework on the hatch and opens
the tank
the group takes her out and lays erin
here on the ground just as the countdown
reaches zero
she coughs up water and they're all
relieved that she's still alive
they all agree that this game has gone
too far and head to the exit using the
girlfriend's key to unlock the door
the key works but as they step through
the door it slams shut behind them they
freak out
but that's when thomas here finds this
wall stained with fresh blood
cole here has had enough and grabs a
chair leg breaking the lock
off the door but are shocked to see the
gangster from the nightclub is waiting
for them
he executes alexi's girlfriend before
throwing them into his van and they have
no idea that the driver alexia signed to
them is in on this too
okay this is a bad situation with bags
over our heads we have no idea where
they're taking us
but there's a silver lining here because
they didn't drug us or knock us out
since we're still conscious we can use
the shifting weight of the van to figure
out when we're taking a left or right
turn
in order to get a better feel for the
changing directions of the vehicle i
would prob myself on my hands and knees
as
narrowly as possible the less stability
i have the more i will feel the effects
of each turn if we memorize the root and
count how many minutes or seconds
between each change in direction we can
create a mental map
of where they're taking us so that we
can get help if the opportunity presents
itself
cole finds himself tied to a chair next
to a table full of bloody medical tools
that's when this russian man enters the
room and tells him he's live streaming
this to a private audience
the viewers have paid to watch him and
his friends get tortured and killed
and cole here realizes that this is no
longer a game in soviet russia you don't
beat puzzle
puzzle beat you he's taken to another
room where they chain him to a wall
left alone he rips the tape off his
mouth but sees the russian man appear on
the monitor as he begins to live stream
behind him is samantha who gets her eyes
sliced up and her throat
slit as cole watches her die furious he
slams his shackles on the bed frame and
breaks them loose
searching the room for an escape route
he spots a grate above the door
okay it's become absolutely clear that
we are way in over our heads
but if we move past the panic and trauma
of what's happening we'll see a golden
opportunity because something here
doesn't add up
earlier scarface here made a point to
say that his viewers want to see people
getting brutally tortured and he's got a
huge display of exotic
and interesting weapons for the job
instead he kills her almost instantly
and it either tells me the man is mine
or that he's a terrible businessman
if you were selling torture to a dark
web audience she would have her fingers
cut off
eyeballs ripped out and then be
disemboweled to maximize watch time
before she dies now this is where we can
exploit the situation for an opportunity
at escape
this guy is a very successful vlogger
and has built a viewership of millions
of viewers so it's safe to say he might
know a thing or two about engaging
content
if i were him i would ask to be the one
to torture my friends instead and try to
convince him that his audience would be
more interested in watching me do it
than him because it's just a lot more
[ __ ] up
but the advantage of this is that if he
goes for it we can gain more control of
the situation and could lead to a
scenario where i have a weapon in my
hand
we would be able to torture our friends
in the least lethal ways possible which
is way better than what this guy would
end up doing to them
all while looking for the perfect
opportunity to attack the guards and
escape
obviously it's a long shot but we need
to look for every possible way to gain
more control of the situation and the
outcome and when you're chained to a
wall this can only come through clever
manipulation
he's about to leave when he checks his
pockets and finds that he still has the
red card for the driver which he now
notices has a sequence of letters and
numbers on it
using the bedroom as a ladder he climbs
into the air vent and breaks out of his
cell
but as he's crawling through he hears
his friend begging the torturer to spare
him and watches the russian man brutally
cut both his arms off with a power saw
cole here is horrified as another friend
is killed but he bumps the vent cover
alerting the torturer to his position
and that he escaped
okay watching your friend have his arms
sawed off is horrifying but it's
objectively better for one person to die
instead of two vents are extremely loud
because a sheet metal bends and shifts
under your weight
and moving through them is an easy way
to get caught here but the more limbs
your friend loses the more chances he
gives us to escape
because we can use the noise of the
power saw to cover the sound of our
movement in the vent
if we only crawl forward when the buzz
saw is turned on we can escape
the rest of the vent undetected and make
our way out it's brutal but at least
this way our friend isn't dying in vain
and we can tell his family he went out
as a hero
cole here crawls out of the vents and
into another room where he hides as the
guards search for him he sees his way
out of here and sneaks around to avoid
being spotted
picking up a metal pipe he throws it
across the room and distracts the guards
as they go check it out
waiting for them to leave cole runs for
the exit and finds his way blocked by a
door with a keypad
it's locked shut and he doesn't know the
passcode but notices a sequence of
letters that match the ones on the red
card
using the numbers as a password he
breaks them through to the other side
and finds a driver waiting here in the
parking lot
the man reveals that he's actually been
trying to help him and gives him the
keys to his car
urging him to hide before it's too late
staying out of sight he watches as the
driver is taken away by the guards he
gets into the car and although he knows
he should escape
decides to go back and rescue his
friends he walks through this blue door
and locks behind him automatically as he
now has no choice but to move forward
with his absolutely terrible plan
okay now is not the time to start being
noble we've been lucky enough to not
only escape with our lives but we've
also been given the keys to this car
what he's not appreciating here is that
not only is this his best chance at
survival but it's also his friend's best
chance as well
i would [ __ ] on the gps and race to the
nearest police station to lead them back
to the building so they can raid it
i'm sure his friends would agree with
this strategy because if i were this guy
i would definitely want the police
saving me instead of my scrawny vlogger
friend who could barely lift a metal
gear
the man has no chance of saving his
friends and it's delusional they think
that going back inside will improve
anyone's chances of survival
but if we insisted on ignorant bravery
we should at least go in with something
to attack with
there's a pile of cinder blocks here and
although they're heavy they could be
smashed over someone's head if we use
stealth to approach them
he makes his way further in and finds
thomas here locked inside one of the
rooms
he helps him up and together they
venture deeper into the building they
walk into this room and hide behind some
valves as one of the guards searches for
them nearby
they wait for the guard to leave and
sneak through a doorway locking and shut
behind them
his friend tries to get the handcuffs
off searching for something that can
break them but he bumps into a crate
making a loud noise that alerts the
guards
cole here sees a grate in the floor and
they drop down into the crawl space
replacing the cover just as the guards
break into the room
they sneak through the sub levels until
they find another great and climb their
way up
hearing someone coming they look for a
way out but there's nowhere they can run
except for an empty elevator shaft
that's when a guard walks into the hall
and runs at them as he fires his gun
pushing cole out of the way his friend
gets tackled by the guard and falls to
his death
with only one person left to save cole
takes the empty gun and goes searching
for his girlfriend
walking through the halls he sees a
gangster talking to the torturer and
hides
he can't see who they're speaking to so
he moves in to get a better look and
sees alexi
he realizes he was working with the
gangsters and set everything up so they
could kill him and his friends
as the man walks away cole here follows
him through the building and into a room
where he finds him torturing his
girlfriend
he points his gun at the gangster but
when the man holds a pistol to her head
he surrenders
but suddenly his girlfriend knocks the
russian back and cold loads a single
bullet in his gun
he shoots at him but this was a big
mistake because the man doesn't die
with no bullets left he can only watch
as a torturer executes his girlfriend
horrified he's dragged away by the
guards and thrown into another room but
cole here just won't quit
he barricades the door shut and crawls
to an air vent where alexi is waiting
for him on the other side
the man tries to explain but cole is
having none of it and tackles the man to
the ground
before savagely beating him to death all
of a sudden lights flood the room and
all of his friends walk out
very much alive this was all an
elaborate prank
and everyone else was in on the joke
including his audience
but when they get closer and see that
he's murdered alexi they're all
shocked cole watches the video play
explaining how everything had been faked
and he breaks down realizing he's made
the biggest mistake of his life
okay i gotta say this was a pretty
[ __ ] up prank
and these so-called friends shouldn't
look this surprised if they thought this
was all real they would have beaten lexi
to death just like we did
we had to experience everything as
though it really happened and this
is going to take a lifetime of
psychotherapy to deal with i think i
would prefer the experience to be real
then have to see my friends every day
knowing that they scarred me for life
it's only fair that we embrace the
trauma and kill everyone left to teach
them a valuable lesson
in soviet russia you don't pull prank
prank pull you
what do you think how would you be no
escape let me know with a comment down
below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist for more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day